New Resource: `azurerm_workloads_sap_single_node_virtual_instance` (#24331)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/workloads_sap_single_node_virtual_instance.html.markdown

* `sap_fqdn` - (Required) The fully qualified domain name for the SAP system. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sap_product` - (Required) The SAP Product type for the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance. Possible values are `ECC`, `Other` and `S4HANA`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `single_server_configuration` - (Required) A `single_server_configuration` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `managed_resource_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the managed Resource Group for the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance.

---

A `deployer_virtual_machine_packages` block supports the following:

* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the deployer VM packages storage account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `url` - (Required) The URL of the deployer VM packages file. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: should be removed

Author: Updated.

---
subcategory: "Workloads"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_workloads_sap_single_node_virtual_instance"
description: |-

>   Manages a SAP Single Node Virtual Instance with new SAP System.

Author: Updated

---

# azurerm_workloads_sap_single_node_virtual_instance

> Manages a SAP Single Node Virtual Instance with new SAP System.

Author: Updated

-> **Note:** Before using this resource, it's required to submit the request of registering the Resource Provider with Azure CLI `az provider register --namespace "Microsoft.Workloads"`. The Resource Provider can take a while to register, you can check the status by running `az provider show --namespace "Microsoft.Workloads" --query "registrationState"`. Once this outputs "Registered" the Resource Provider is available for use.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_subscription" "current" {}

resource "tls_private_key" "example" {
  algorithm = "RSA"
  rsa_bits  = 4096
}

data "tls_public_key" "example" {
  private_key_pem = tls_private_key.example.private_key_pem

> }

Author: Creating this resource requires it.

> }

Reviewer: Shall we directly reference a file or string such as https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine#example-usage?

> }

Author: Tom suggests to use this way.

      volume_name     = "hana/shared"
      number_of_disks = 1
      size_in_gb      = 256
      sku_name        = "Premium_LRS"
    }

    disk_volume_configuration {
      volume_name     = "usr/sap"
      number_of_disks = 1
      size_in_gb      = 128
      sku_name        = "Premium_LRS"
    }

    disk_volume_configuration {
      volume_name     = "backup"
      number_of_disks = 2
      size_in_gb      = 256
      sku_name        = "StandardSSD_LRS"
    }

    disk_volume_configuration {
      volume_name     = "os"
      number_of_disks = 1
      size_in_gb      = 64
      sku_name        = "StandardSSD_LRS"
    }

    virtual_machine_full_resource_names {
      host_name               = "apphostName0"
      os_disk_name            = "app0osdisk"
      virtual_machine_name    = "appvm0"
      network_interface_names = ["appnic0"]

      data_disk_names = {
        default = "app0disk0"
      }
    }
  }

  identity {
    type = "UserAssigned"

    identity_ids = [
      azurerm_user_assigned_identity.example.id,
    ]
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.example
  ]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this SAP Single Node Virtual Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

* `managed_resource_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the managed Resource Group for the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance.

---

An `os_sap_configuration` block supports the following:

* `sap_fqdn` - (Required) The FQDN of the SAP system. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `deployer_virtual_machine_packages` - (Optional) A `deployer_virtual_machine_packages` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `deployer_virtual_machine_packages` block supports the following:

* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the deployer VM packages storage account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `url` - (Required) The URL of the deployer VM packages file. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `single_server_configuration` block supports the following:

* `app_resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the application Resource Group where SAP system resources will be deployed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> ~> **Note:** While creating SAP Single Node Virtual Instance, service would provision the extra SAP system/component in `app_resource_group_name` which aren't defined in tf config. At this time, when `app_resource_group_name` is different with the Resource Group where SAP Single Node Virtual Instance exists, we can set `prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources` to `false` to delete all resources defined in tf config and the resources created in `app_resource_group_name` with `tf destroy`. But when `app_resource_group_name` is same with the Resource Group where SAP Single Node Virtual Instance exists, some resources like the subnet defined in tf config cannot be deleted with `tf destroy` since the resources defined in tf config are being referenced by the SAP system/component created in `app_resource_group_name`. So it has to manually delete the resources in `app_resource_group_name` first after the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance is deleted, and then the resources in tf config can be deleted successfully for this situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** While creating an SAP Single Server Virtual Instance, the service would provision the extra SAP system/component in the `app_resource_group_name` that isn't defined in the HCL Configurations. At this time, if the `app_resource_group_name` is different from the Resource Group where SAP Single Server Virtual Instance exists, you can set `prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources` to `false` to delete all resources defined in the HCL Configurations and the resources created in the `app_resource_group_name` with `terraform destroy`. However, if the `app_resource_group_name` is the same with the Resource Group where SAP Single Server Virtual Instance exists, some resources such as the subnet defined in the HCL Configurations cannot be deleted with `terraform destroy` since the resources defined in the HCL Configurations are being referenced by the SAP system/component. In this case, you have to manually delete the SAP system/component before deleting the resources in the HCL Configurations.
```

Author: Updated

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Subnet for the SAP Single Node Virtual Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machine_configuration` - (Required) A `virtual_machine_configuration` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database_type` - (Optional) The supported SAP database type. Possible values are `DB2` and `HANA`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_volume_configuration` - (Optional) One or more `disk_volume_configuration` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `secondary_ip_enabled` - (Optional) Is a secondary IP Address that should be added to the Network Interface on all VMs of the SAP system being deployed enabled? Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

* `virtual_machine_full_resource_names` - (Optional) A `virtual_machine_full_resource_names` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `disk_volume_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `volume_name` - (Required) The name of the DB volume of the disk configuration. Possible values are `backup`, `hana/data`, `hana/log`, `hana/shared`, `os` and `usr/sap`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

* `number_of_disks` - (Required) The total number of disks required for the concerned volume. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `size_in_gb` - (Required) The size of the Disk in GB. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku_name` - (Required) The name of the Disk SKU. Possible values are `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS` and `UltraSSD_LRS`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `virtual_machine_configuration` block supports the following:

* `image` - (Required) An `image` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `os_profile` - (Required) An `os_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machine_size` - (Required) The size of the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

An `image` block supports the following:

> * `offer` - (Required) The offer of the platform image or marketplace image used to create the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

* `publisher` - (Required) The publisher of the Image. Possible values are `RedHat` and `SUSE`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) The SKU of the Image. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `version` - (Required) The version of the platform image or marketplace image used to create the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

---

An `os_profile` block supports the following:

* `admin_username` - (Required) The name of the administrator account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `ssh_private_key` - (Required) The SSH public key that is used to authenticate with the VM. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

> * `ssh_public_key` - (Required) The SSH private key that is used to authenticate with the VM. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

---

A `virtual_machine_full_resource_names` block supports the following:

> * `data_disk_names` - (Optional) A mapping of Data Disk names to pass to the backend host. The keys are Volume names and the values are a comma separated string of full names for Data Disks belonging to the specific Volume. This is converted to a list before being passed to the API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated

* `host_name` - (Optional) The full name of the host of the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_interface_names` - (Optional) A list of full names for the Network Interface of the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `os_disk_name` - (Optional) The full name of the OS Disk attached to the VM. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Updated
